Intro (#51)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/requirements.md

---
id: requirements
title: Requirements
sidebar_label: Requirements
---

In order for to have the smoothest development and setup experience we need some things to be installed on your computer.
Please install this packages before you start the setup.

1. [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/)
3. [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/)
4. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

Make sure that you have all this packages installed and
ready to use on your system. To make sure that they work run this commands:
- `node -v`
- `composer -v`
- `wp --info`
- `git --version`

If it doesn't return any errors you are good to go.

## Quick start
Let's finally create a new theme!

Navigate to your WordPress theme folder and run the following command:

```bash
npx create-wp-project
```

> Script will prompt you for theme name and local development url (used for BrowserSync) and install a new theme:

Reviewer: 🆙

Author: This part is wrong here I have removed it

# Now you must decide!

> We are prepared for all your development needs, so decide what are you going to develop next:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have prepared you for all your development needs, now you must decide what are you going to develop next:
```
